=== 1.3.1 (2015-1-25)
* Increase daemon RAM to 128MiB

=== 1.3.0 (2014-2-24)
* Add Context.load_directory to load the contents of a jobs.d
  directory. Each contained executable *.rb file is loaded. This
  allows deploying a file for each independent job and
  enabling/disabling jobs with chmod +x/-x.  The directory itself and
  all *.rb files are watched for mtime or ctime change.

=== 1.2.0 (2013-12-6)
* Improve deamon log output
* Add Travis CI test setup (build)
* Upgrade to minitest ~> 4.7.4 (build)

=== 1.1.4 (2012-9-15)
* Upgrade/broaden to slf4j [1.6.5,1.8), logback ~> 1.2
* Only stop old daemons when either (a) they are no longer in the
  newly configured context, or (b) with exec_key changed and a passing
  pre_check. This avoids an install failure from terminating a
  functional (older) version.
* Call super in Context.initialize, for better support of late mixins.

=== 1.1.3 (2012-1-15)
* Add task on call to block for log access, etc.
* Fix handling of Gem::LoadError on reload of jobs.rb extended with a
  daemon who's gem is not currently installed. Previously this was a
  fatal error.
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 2.0, bundler Gemfile, gemspec (build)

=== 1.1.2 (2011-9-11)
* Add Task.log accessor.
* Fixes for ruby 1.9 compatibility; to_a -> Array()
* Use Gem::Specification.find_by_name when available, per Rubygems
  1.8.x deprecations.
* Broaden to rjack-logback ~> 1.1
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 1.3.3 (build)
* Broaden to minitest ~> 2.2 (build)

=== 1.1.1 (2011-3-26)
* Fix one more bare Logback reference for iyyov-fg -d
* Expose Daemon.log, for extensions.
* Upgrade to logback ~> 1.1.1
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 1.3.0 (build)

=== 1.1.0 (2010-12-7)
* Fix LogRotator.max_size initialized default. (issues/1)
* Change name of daemon to plain 'iyyov' (in keeping with standard
  daemon naming.)
* Upgrade to slf4j ~> 1.6.1, logback ~> 1.0.0
* Upgrade (dev dependencies) minitest < 2.1, hashdot-test-daemon ~> 1.2

=== 1.0.2 (2010-3-14)
* Include a host-based.rb selection config example.
* Futher README.rdoc improvements.
* Fix test/example version specifiers for hashdot-test-daemon "~> 1.0"
  to account for 1.0.0, 1.1.0.

=== 1.0.1 (2010-3-13)
* Fix dependencies
* Cleanup and add config examples to gem, including init.d and crontab
  examples.
* Proper README.rdoc
* Add context file load error handling and example config tests.
* Improve error handling with tasks (log, :stop on StandardError)

=== 1.0.0 (2010-3-7)
* Initial release.
